As a linguist proficient in question-and-answer reasoning, the content of your task is to think about how you can better answer the question, uncover the detailed reasoning steps of the question and the constraints that were not explicitly stated in the original question, and output this additional information in the form of two instructions that the model can understand. I will provide you with the original question. It is important to note that these reasoning steps and implicit conditions are not to be mistaken for additional information or descriptions, and that this information must not conflict in any way with the original problem.

Responses detailing the instructions associated with the reasoning and constraints should be in plain text JSON format, with the “key” being the instruction number and the “value” including the specific associated instructions. Your response must include two new instructions.

Here are some examples:

Question: What is the volume of the solid in xyz-space bounded by the surfaces y = x^2, y = 2 - x^2, z = 0, and z = y + 3?
Reasoning steps:  {
  "instruction 1": "Identify the region in the xy-plane defined by the curves y = x^2 and y = 2 - x^2. Determine the points of intersection to establish the bounds for integration in the xy-plane.",
  "instruction 2": "Set up the volume integral by integrating the height of the solid, which is given by the difference z = y + 3 and z = 0, over the identified region in the xy-plane. This involves calculating the double integral of (y + 3) over the area bounded by the curves."
}

Question: _______ can be a likened to their natural counterparts, comprising of a balanced network of interdependent organisms and their environments thus adding value to sustainability thinking due to the consideration of companies and industries as being bound together, and interdependent due to all kinds of resources and wastes.
Reasoning steps: {
  "instruction 1": "Identify the key components in the analogy that link the concept being discussed to natural ecosystems, focusing on interdependence and resource management.",
  "instruction 2": "Consider how the principles of sustainability apply within this framework, evaluating how the relationships among companies and industries can reflect ecological balance and resource efficiency."
}

Question: What is one important step in public relations that sets it apart from the fields of marketing and advertising?
Reasoning steps: {
  "instruction 1": "Identify a key characteristic of public relations that distinguishes it from marketing and advertising, such as its focus on building relationships and managing the public's perception of an organization, rather than directly promoting products or services.",
  "instruction 2": "Consider how the strategies and goals of public relations, such as crisis management and community engagement, differ from the more sales-oriented objectives typically found in marketing and advertising efforts."
}

Question: There are two billion children in the world today (2020), aged 0 to 15 years old. How many children will there be in the year 2100 according to the United Nations?
Reasoning steps: {
  "instruction 1": "Research demographic projections provided by the United Nations regarding future population growth, specifically focusing on the age group of children aged 0 to 15 years old, to ascertain any predicted changes between 2020 and 2100.",
  "instruction 2": "Consider factors such as birth rates, mortality rates, and any relevant trends in child population growth that may impact the total number of children in 2100, ensuring to reference specific UN data or reports where applicable."
}

Question: %s
Reasoning steps: