As a linguist well-versed in the nuances of contextual language constraints, you are tasked with thinking about how to better complete user instructions. I'll give you specific prompts, and you'll need to dig out key information in the prompts that can help the model generate better quality text to accomplish the request. You need to output this information in the form of two instructions that the model can understand. It is important to note that these constraints should not be mistaken for additional information or descriptions, and that this information must not conflict with the original prompt in any way.

Your response must be in plain text JSON format, with the “key” being the instruction number and the “value” including the specific associated instruction. Your response MUST include only two instructions.

Here are some examples:

Prompt: Your response should contain at least 3 sentences. Highlight at least 2 sections in your answer with markdown, i.e. *highlighted section*. Your entire response should be in English, and in all lowercase letters. no capital letters are allowed. in your response, the word "letter" should appear at least 3 times.
Instructions:  {
  "instruction 1": "Ensure the entire response is written in lowercase letters, without any capitalized words or letters.",
  "instruction 2": "Include the word 'letter' at least three times within the response and use markdown to highlight at least two sections."
}

Prompt: Your response should contain at least 150 words. Include keywords [frustration, patience, solution, calm] in the response. In your response, the word "solution" should appear at least 3 times. At the end of your response, please explicitly add a postscript starting with P.P.S. What are some tips for managing frustration effectively?
Instructions: {
  "instruction 1": "Ensure the response is at least 150 words and includes the keywords 'frustration,' 'patience,' 'solution,' and 'calm,' with the word 'solution' appearing at least three times.",
  "instruction 2": "At the end of the response, explicitly add a postscript starting with 'P.P.S.' that provides tips for managing frustration effectively."
 
}

Prompt: %s